To get an interview call:

RESUME
1. Work on your resume (Attached: template)
Recruiters spend less than 7 seconds on a resume, so make your accomplishments easily discoverable.
Put the impressive stuff near the top. Make it bold if possible.
Keep the formatting simple. Avoid fancy layouts. (So that machines can easily parse it)
Update your LinkedIn profile.

PROJECTS
2. Build 2-3 non-trivial projects in your free time.
For your projects, provide the link to your website, app store, or GitHub.
List the technologies and tools used to build the project on your resume.

APPLY!!!
3. Apply to as many jobs as possible!!!
Full-time jobs: LINKEDIN, Indeed, Monster, etc
Startups: ANGEL.co
Internships: INTERNSHALA
Also, tap into your personal or college network. Find people who work at that company via LinkedIn and feel free to send them a message.
The more jobs you apply to, the better your chances.
Job descriptions are not accurate. So, just apply - even if you think you don't qualify.
Download App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.linkedin.android.jobs.jobseeker&hl=en_IN

PRACTICE
4. ALWAYS agree to do an interview.
Even if you are not planning to accept the offer, still take the interview.
It's just free practice. It will also help alleviate nervousness.
Even you like your current job still, interview with other companies.

- - - - - - - - - -

To prepare for interviews:

CODING PRACTICE
1. Start practicing data-structures. Some websites for:
Interviews: INTERVIEWBIT or LEETCODE
Competitive Coding: HACKERRANK, CodeChef, or CodingBat etc.
Machine Learning / Data Science: KAGGLE

2. It will take about 2-3 months to get good practice.
Solving even 5-6 problems every day will be very rewarding.
Don't skip the easy questions. Interviews usually start with easy questions.
Practice by TYPING and RUNNING your code.

FOCUS
3. As soon as an interview is scheduled, find company specific questions on GLASSDOOR. It is a good resource for learning about what type of questions a specific company asks during interviews. It also has salary information.

THEORY
4. A week before the interview, search on Google: "Python interview questions", "Javascript interview questions", etc (depending on your job role). Go through the theory questions.

- - - - - - - - - -

TIMELINE
1. Learn something. Build projects. (3-4 months)
2. Update resume (Attached: template)
3. Update LinkedIn profile.
4. Start practicing data structures online. (3-4 months)
5. Start applying to jobs. (1 month)